a man hey hey you want to build some
muscle man
you do
it's real good at man it's real good but
you find it right YouTube gentleman and
just a heads up we do is out there
looking and feel some fuckin muscle
answers cat hang on hang on thought no
names and none but since do the work
with my our father law the fuck you see
Inc you're not names you giving out
clues bitch this ain't Blue's Clues my
fucking that's the last fucking clue
right wait look at me dude young and I
am dudes in the fitness working out my
fucking love them some fucking energy
drinks and pre workouts I think this
dude was drinking way too many goddamn
energy drinks right how many is too many
I think he was breaking I don't know how
many but he was making a whole lot of
ain't got specifics but this is what
they're blaming his current conditional
his dues young and I am I'm 37 this dude
he's going in for dialysis from what I
hear fuckin twice a week so his kidneys
don't work getting done all these energy
drinks and pre-workout supplements he
took he was he just over fucking did
right burnt down his fucking goddamn a
drink dance not just my fucking needs
some kind of kidney dialysis really yeah
that's probably a matter of once you see
on these pre-workout they say you need
to cycle off these fuckers like don't
mix it and don't mix with all these
other caffeine yes don't take another
caffeine because man cuz you're gonna
run out your fucking adrenal glands
right I guess it you know it fucks you
got damn kidneys up yeah so if you don't
do that that drink like four or five
monster drinks a fucking day and you old
fucking jack3d
well you just drinking a lot of sodas
too many line item just man you gonna
burn you and fuck your kidneys up man
cut that shit out man personally I drink
a lot of fucking water
yeah right
so I give it I give you all the good in
the bad man I told y'all jack3d is
fuckin great but I also don't know if he
took jack3d but he was taking
pre-workout supplements everybody's
company so there's same fucking thing so
I'm gonna fit this reason why all these
energy drinks I mean these pretty
records are taking out that damn 13.5
what would your fuckin coalition 1/3
dimethylamine
yeah right because it's nice banned in
Canada right now so all the pre-workout
see buddy was saying if you buy them if
you're in counted you can buy these pre
workouts unless they have a an option
you can buy without that that one
ingredient so you know if it's been
banned in Canada you know in USA it's
not too far behind because you are
saying about some fucking cop chance for
the curse the adrenal glands on your
fucking kidneys I guess they connected
them good tonight yeah yeah yeah hey
just a heads up so a drink I drink a lot
of water person yeah and if you do drink
a lot of energy drinks need to fucking I
know I'm not a real big fan of anything
face I never dig drink a lot of monsters
I see people do like addicted in a
fucking bitch they are in bulls and only
3 or 4 them bitches a day man
then II drink them take pre workouts for
they workout in the gym like fuck man yo
6a nervous system is fucking fried the
fuck out man but yeah you can branch out
dren old glands like that fucking
drilling glands bitch yeah so baby maybe
net fucking dead once again man hey just
a heads up players but it's just advice
right
Ewing Jimmy Struthers and Tyrone Jackson
Street y'all could sit in a big fucking
circle do a circle jerk and drink like
ten fucking monsters a day if you want
to as that's on you play but I'm just
getting I'm just throwing out the the
advice right right motherfucker cause at
the end of the day attend today right
you can do it off fuck you wanna do